Hi everyone~
I'm here to show you guys
my new Demonia Stomp 08 platform shoes
I bought from alternative-footwear.co.uk
for £55
so since I'm here in UK it's free shipping
actually I already opened it but here it is I put it back in the box to show you guys
I'm quite disappointed it didn't
came with the Demonia shoe box
but
its okay
so right here it says
Stomp 08, size 3 UK
6 US
and the first thing you'll see inside is ofc the invoice
so you have the invoice...and then, it's all wrapped up in
plastic but obviously I removed it already
so this is how they look in real life
they look really neat and cool
and of course
Im inlove with them
I've walked in them already for a few times
and
although I'm a size 6US I kinda find it
a teeny bit loose
Im not sure why, I really love this
detail, Demonia
If there is any flaws
I've noticed
it's the (....) there is an excess rubber
excess rubber
right there, but wow
I'm just being kinda nosy (i meant nit-picky lol)
actually it's great, I'm gonna attach some pictures here
so I can show you guys how they look when they're worn
Overall I'm very satisfied
with the shoes, I'm very satisfied with the shop. The shop, they ship
fast and usually it says
they need 2 to 3 working days before you receive them but actually
the next working day I received them already
so yeah that's another plus
so if you're having doubts...
or you're not sure if you
want them, i say
go for it
because they're great shoes, they're very sturdy, you won't
trip easily
they're great addition to your shoe collection
so yes, get them! And good luck with that
guys, that's it
that's just about it~! I hope you enjoyed this
simple unboxing video.. See you next time!
B Y E